sorry we are on their welcome to the you
to meet weekly inspiration for success
with May and Stevenson I'm mark Isaacs
and I started out on YouTube in January
2015 i've certainly made my share of
mistakes and I'm still learning how to
do this how you can in fact I started
out this morning totally screwing things
up here with practicing embedding the
bladder in my website in the night
killed off the bledsoe we all live and
learn from our mistakes if you want to
find me and you put up my profile here
you can see the three courses I've got
published right now and I'll quit coupon
code in there to get discounts my
courses now they are changing the blad
interface here and I'm noticing some
things that are a bit different about it
and we might even have made and tell us
a little bit about that in the course of
the interview but I don't want to rely
on here I'd like to introduce my guess
man is a guy who can still speak in
plain English and she helps nine gigs
create sites that get noticed by search
engines in breeders are secure they
convert and they perform well she
teaches on WordPress SEO content
marketing webmaster duties and so
managed quite as sharp here and she's a
little pistols who so strap yourself and
get ready for the ride so welcome to the
show
introduce yourself to do so much market
think you wrapped it up pretty good
right there that what they do what I do
I help especially not engage you know
because nobody is born knowing all this
stuff and and I do the real training
it's not the hype stuff of give you the
dreams of all that you can do i mean it
at the end of the day you've actually
got to go click the buttons and do it
and so that's where I come in I do the
training planes and I'm sure
everybody's gonna find this interview he
does have a lot to share with you when I
try to keep it still in under an hour
here so you can post your questions if
you want you can with this / orange /
cue to give your question
unfortunately you to me doesn't lab
doesn't give us the ability to filter in
the stream here anymore but go ahead and
you can post your questions in there and
we'll make sure to get to them at the
end but to keep things moving along here
we'll just continue with the first part
of it in like I said we will answer your
questions
the end so I mentioned in the intro that
may and it does classifiers as a geek
but that's not the only thing that she
does have a background she's done a
number of other things before she
claimed her geek title so may have done
besides you know came into the world and
intuitive and creative you know I got my
engineering stuff later on
lived in both world that has really
helped me a lot
being the kind of instructor that I am a
multi-instrumentalist from birth
you know about it on Monday hoping we're
professional musicians and I was playing
as soon as I could sit in somebody's lap
and everybody wanted me to learn their
instrument because I found it so much
fun thought multi-instrumentalist in a
published composer with AirPlay in 14
countries also book writer and several
job in published in three Sean rose and
my biggest book I think was featured in
Publishers Weekly shortly after its
debut in its own blending the rational
foreign foods and intuitive sign
everything from ancient philosophy all
the way through quantum physics and so i
cant underwater param an internationally
recognized woodcarver I just love it and
i ended up doing something that nobody
else period and it got me tell me it
couldn't be done in a lot of its
engineer correctly just figuring things
out
is a lot of a lot of figuring things out
and of course figured out I'm gonna pass
that information on a natural way that
may be a teacher and home those skills
over a lot of yours in a really really
enjoy it
ok so you guys can hear it has got a lot
of your background musician woodcarver
she's published as well he said blending
of Sciences in this kind of a common
thread there were gonna find out here
about how many and all of these things
and put it together and she mentioned
that she loves to help people that makes
her want to be a teacher to learn
something new and that she wants to
communicate that knowledge to other
people so me and it's possible some of
the other training did you done prior to
coming to you while electronic engineer
for thirty years and I did a lot of
technical writing I worked directly with
engineering on fixing problems are owed
documentation for laypeople and for
engineering fail so the common thread
for me is just being that bridge between
the high-tech that needs to get done in
the people who use it and so I thirty
years of that and working directly with
clients and you're in a problem in the
buck stops here
type of service from service all the way
through tomorrow in its got to work and
it's got to be easy and so that really
gave me a great background for being
able to teach what I do and do the
technical coder did website for years
back in the day when you head to have a
code or to have a website got out of
that once were present to go over the
world because that really got into
design more than anything and so I went
into teaching you know in discovering
things figuring out how to do the
integrations and talk coding in top
designers and people like that for a lot
of years before open blockade in that
was kind of a sister site of I have a
site now what about all the marketing
side of it and the user inside of it and
you know I ended up having a lot more
engaging with people directly which I
dearly love
and one of the reasons I love blackout
so much and it's the direct engagement
so that's the background of what got me
into blog ate in the teaching ever since
I open up my own membership library
a some of the deeper information for you
know the click here do that kind of
generic for the classes that all is one
on one which were uniquely tailored to
each person's height and they could go
watch the videos for the click here do
that you know kind of stuff and that's
where I got into making video tutorials
did that for a lot of years and have
been want to get on you to me for quite
some time and just expand to another
platform mainly alright let's not jump
to you know me too quickly though so
when did you produce your first well
whether you produced your first video
tutorial paid or otherwise free ones
that are put up on youtube or probably a
solid year before I even develop my own
membership classes matter of fact I had
to take those down because they were
gonna be the paid stuff in my membership
levels are much shorter ones for you to
that we're very specific and one little
aspect it's like if you want more more
how to do all of this with the plugin
come over to my membership site so it
became a film's final
honestly don't remember how long ago was
five or six years ago I guess at least
they're not fair enough so five or six
years ago you were already on you to put
up some of these types of videos in you
said you did it for like a year before
you even did your own membership site so
tell us a little bit about that
membership site launched well it was the
backup mainly to back up the 101 climb
that I had you know the training clients
that I had and they could go back over
the information again at their own pace
in do the click here do that kind of
stuff that hone their skills and it was
really helpful for that and I decided to
make it a standalone product and so chop
it up into a bunch of little products
and then a whole product you know for
you could you could start at $1 and come
in and get just what you needed any good
walk up that sales funnel into more of
what you needed and it was so much
better than just jumping all over
YouTube buying things are out of date
trying to get tips from here there in
yonder it was it where you go to one
place and get all of it and just step
into it as you needed and then over are
to say get all of it you know here you
go and I thought people regularly come
in at a dollar in the next week there
might well be the next week they would
get the overarching whole thing they
just get all that middle
up to the bigger program and opened up a
second membership right that's geared
more toward webmaster training a lot of
designers be a people who need to
improve their skill fared in make site
secure you know security and performance
practically took over my business was
here last summer and it is not down yet
in there are a lot of folks who need
that information so I basically did
another brain dump and made 76 videos or
cloth or other rebels or webmaster
training in that starts with installing
Wordpress securely and then securing the
entire installation you're you're
hosting everything the data base
everything about it and then performance
Israel